When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Working locally means that only we can view and edit the changes to the project. However, by hosting the
repository online, we can get help whenever we are stuck or can implement a new feature by other's aid. 
Moreover, when poeple working on a project can't share the same physical space, github is the best version
control system to collaborate. Github even has a user friendly GUI.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date 
with your remote repository?

Git pushes and pulls branches. Therefore, automatically updating with your remote repository would mean 
that every branch is pulled, which is not what the user wants every time. Moreover, automatic updates would
create too many commits which will be troublesome for the user. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

-Forking is the process of copying a repository from someone's github account and pasting it directly into
one's github account.Without forking, one has to use git clone and then git push in combination to load the 
github repository on their own server. The term "forking" is relevant only for github.
-Cloning is the process of making a remote available on the local machine. Most of the times we want to edit 
the files on our local machines rather than github, git clone is used to accomplish this feature.
-Branch is the name given to git commit. Branches are very useful. The master branch is generally the 
production branch where all the verfied and tested features are added. All other features are tested in other 
branches. Branches ensure that the code always runs without breaking it. Whenever an experimental feature is 
successfully achieved, it is added to the main branch. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Whenever a github repository is pushed or pulled such that there are 1 or more different commits in the local
repository and remote repository, merging takes place on the basis of the local copy of remote. It allows us 
to update the local copy of the remote branch without affecting the actual local version.
